When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    You may want to work on a project with several people, or you might want to get feedback from the general internet on the quality of your project and possible improvements. This also lets you access your project from any computer, not just the local computer that it is stored on

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    You might always pull changes manually rather than have Git automatically up-to-date with GitHub because, especially in the case of a multi-person project, you might want to look at the new commits on the remote repository to make sure that you want them on your local repository. Additionally, you might want to temporarily keep the older version in order to play around with it if, for example, there was a bug.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    You would use a fork when you want to build off of someone else's work, but you don't want to edit their work directly. You would use clone, on the other hand, when you want to build on someone's commits, while being able to directly change their work. Note that you would also use clone in the same situation as fork, however, fork is more efficient for this, and has the bonus of giving credit to the original repository. Branch, on the other hand, would be used if you want to build on your own project without modifying the permenant state of it.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having the last known state of the remote stored locally is good because, for one reason, it is much more unlikely to cause a merging conflict if you are up-to-date with the remote repository. Additionally, it allows you to work on the most recent version of the project offline if you copy the last known state of a remote locally.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
